Update Blazor binding content (#20267)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/blazor/components/data-binding.md

<input type="date" @bind="startDate" @bind:format="yyyy-MM-dd">
```

## Binding with component parameters

A common scenario is chaining a data-bound parameter to a page element in the component's output. This scenario is called a *chained bind* because multiple levels of binding occur simultaneously.

> Component parameters permit binding properties and fields of a parent component with `@bind-{PROPERTY OR FIELD}` syntax. A chained bind can't be implemented with [`@bind`](xref:mvc/views/razor#bind) syntax in the child component. The event handler and value must be specified separately. A parent component, however, can use [`@bind`](xref:mvc/views/razor#bind) syntax with the child component's parameter.

Reviewer: I have a suggestion below. The newlines were just to help me draft the sentences. Feel free to draft if not necessary.

```suggestion
Component parameters permit binding properties and fields of a parent component with `@bind-{PROPERTY OR FIELD}` syntax.

Chained binds can't be implemented with [`@bind`](xref:mvc/views/razor#bind) syntax in the child component. An event handler and value must be specified separately to support updating the property in the parent from the child component.

The parent component still leverages the [`@bind`](xref:mvc/views/razor#bind) syntax to set up the data-binding with the child component.
```
